=head1 NAME

QR::Index - Qroombo Documentation Index

=head1 ADMIN DOCUMENTAION

Qroombo manages room reservations. A 'nice' web interface lets users
make their own room reservations.

There may be some additional information on your local setup in your L<Local Guide|EP::LocalGuide>.

=over

=item L<QR::Cfg> - Configuration Syntax

Qroombo configuration syntax.

=back

=head1 TECH DOCUMENTATION

The Qroombo backend is writting in perl, using the the Mojolicious
framework. Mojolicious comes with its own documentation. See
L<Mojolicious::Guides> for details.

=over

=item *

L<QR> - the mojo application starting point

=item * 

L<QR::Database> - the interface to the SQLite database

=item *

L<QR::Config> - qroombos configuration file parser

=item *

L<QR::RpcService> - RPC services for the qroombo frontend

=back

=cut

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or   
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the  
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2011 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

 2012-07-30 to 1.0 first version

=cut
